README.md, before:

# API

## Videos
| Verb | URL | Controller#Action |
|------|-----|-------------------|
|GET   |/videos|videos#index   |
|GET   |/videos/:id   |videos#show   |

#### GET/videos Response:
```
{
  "videos": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "title": "Pedals and Cranks",
      "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/vHc4dTbo9r0",
      "tags": [
        8
      ],
      "ratings": [
        2,
        17
      ]
    },
    {
    "id": 2,
    "title": "Front Derailleur",
    "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/rt-DkIuwMf8",
    "tags": [
      8,
      9
    ],
    "ratings": [
      3,
      18
    ]
    }
  ]
}
```
#### GET/videos/:id Response:
```
{
  "id": 1,
  "title": "Pedals and Cranks",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/vHc4dTbo9r0",
  "tags": [
    8
  ],
  "ratings": [
    2,
    17
  ]
}
```

## Userratings
| Verb | URL | Controller#Action |
|------|-----|-------------------|
|GET   |/userratings|userratings#index   |
|POST   |/userratings   |userratings#create   |
|PUT   |/userratings/:id   |userratings#update   |
|DELETE   |/userratings/:id   |userratings#destroy   |

#### GET/userratings Response:
```
{
  "userratings": [
    {
      "id": 2,
      "rating": 5,
      "user_id": 1,
      "video_id": 1
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "rating": 5,
      "user_id": 1,
      "video_id": 2
    }
  ]
}
```

#### POST/userratings Response:
```
{
  "userrating": {
    "id": 2,
    "rating": 5,
    "user_id": 1,
    "video_id": 1
  }
}
```

#### PUT/userratings Response:
```
{
  "userrating": {
    "id": 2,
    "rating": 5,
    "user_id": 1,
    "video_id": 1
  }
}
```

#### DELETE/userratings Response:
```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

Commit message:

Add description/technologies and more to README

README.md, after:

# Shifting Power API

## About
Shifting Power serves as a platform for learning about bicycle mechanics. There are 14 videos produced by Bikes Not Bombs' youth programs that give viewers a comprehensive overview of how their bike is put together. The videos are hosted on YouTube and this API organizes them into categories based on how they work together.

Each video will have one or more tags, linking it to a smaller system within the bike and it's related parts. For example, the video titled "Pedals and Cranks" has the tag "drivetrain", which links it with other videos that are related to the drivetrain, like the "Chains" video. These tags are not able to be manipulated by the client and are set by an administrator.

Ratings however, give full CRUD functionality to a client and are owned by both a user and a video.

## Deployed Sites and GitHub Repositories
- [Client GitHub Repository](https://github.com/derekbmcintire/shifting-power-client)
- [Deployed Client](https://derekbmcintire.github.io/shifting-power-client/)
- [API GitHub](https://github.com/derekbmcintire/shifting-power-api)
- [Deployed API](https://shifting-power.herokuapp.com/)

## Technologies Used

This API was built using Ruby on Rails with a PostgreSQL database.

## Videos
| Verb | URL | Controller#Action |
|------|-----|-------------------|
|GET   |/videos|videos#index   |
|GET   |/videos/:id   |videos#show   |

#### GET/videos Response:
```json
{
  "videos": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "title": "Pedals and Cranks",
      "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/vHc4dTbo9r0",
      "tags": [
        8
      ],
      "ratings": [
        2,
        17
      ]
    },
    {
    "id": 2,
    "title": "Front Derailleur",
    "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/rt-DkIuwMf8",
    "tags": [
      8,
      9
    ],
    "ratings": [
      3,
      18
    ]
    }
  ]
}
```
#### GET/videos/:id Response:
```json
{
  "id": 1,
  "title": "Pedals and Cranks",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/embed/vHc4dTbo9r0",
  "tags": [
    8
  ],
  "ratings": [
    2,
    17
  ]
}
```

## Userratings
| Verb | URL | Controller#Action |
|------|-----|-------------------|
|GET   |/userratings|userratings#index   |
|POST   |/userratings   |userratings#create   |
|PUT   |/userratings/:id   |userratings#update   |
|DELETE   |/userratings/:id   |userratings#destroy   |

#### GET/userratings Response:
```json
{
  "userratings": [
    {
      "id": 2,
      "rating": 5,
      "user_id": 1,
      "video_id": 1
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "rating": 5,
      "user_id": 1,
      "video_id": 2
    }
  ]
}
```

#### POST/userratings Response:
```json
{
  "userrating": {
    "id": 2,
    "rating": 5,
    "user_id": 1,
    "video_id": 1
  }
}
```

#### PUT/userratings Response:
```json
{
  "userrating": {
    "id": 2,
    "rating": 5,
    "user_id": 1,
    "video_id": 1
  }
}
```

#### DELETE/userratings Response:
```
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

## Future Versions

Future goals for Shifting power include building an admin view that would allow an admin user to perform CRUD actions on videos and tags.

## Planning and Process
